c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\le\GPRSTest.exe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\be\GPRSTest.exe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\le\GPRSTest.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\be\GPRSTest.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GPRSTest.exe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GPRSTest.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\le\GPRSTest.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\le\GPRSTest.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\be\GPRSTest.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\be\GPRSTest.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_TE35.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.Seeed.CellularRadio.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.IO.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_TE35.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.Seeed.CellularRadio.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.IO.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_TE35.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.Seeed.CellularRadio.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.IO.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_TE35.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.Seeed.CellularRadio.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.IO.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_TE35.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.CellularRadio.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.IO.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.Serial.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_TE35.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Display_TE35.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.UsbClientDP.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.CellularRadio.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GTM.Seeed.CellularRadio.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.IO.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\GPRSTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\GPRSTest.Resources.resources
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\GPRSTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\GPRSTest.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\be\GPRSTest.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\be\GPRSTest.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\le\GPRSTest.pe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\le\GPRSTest.pdbx
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\GPRSTest.exe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\obj\Debug\GPRSTest.pdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Net.pe
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Microsoft.Azure.Zumo.MicroFramework.pe
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Net.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Zumo.MicroFramework.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebClient.xml
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.WebServer.xml
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Net.xml
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Zumo.MicroFramework.pdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pe
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pe
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Net.pe
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Microsoft.Azure.Zumo.MicroFramework.pe
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Net.pdbx
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\LE\Microsoft.Azure.Zumo.MicroFramework.pdbx
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebClient.pdbx
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.WebServer.pdbx
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Net.pdbx
C:\Users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GPRSTest\GPRSTest\bin\Debug\BE\Microsoft.Azure.Zumo.MicroFramework.pdbx
